APPTS 10.2.0 release note (#66)
Axway/platform-management-docs: content/en/docs/release_notes/10_02_00_relnotes.md

---
title: Platform Management 10.2.0 release notes
linkTitle: Platform Management 10.2.0 release notes
weight: 80
date: 2022-04-05
Hide_readingtime: true
---

## Platform Management 10.2.0 - 5 April 2022

> Platform Management 10.2.0 is a minor release which includes two new features and a fixed issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform Management 10.2.0 is a minor release which includes one new feature.
```
